updating links (#210)
rstudio/education.rstudio.com: content/learn/beginner/index.Rmd

- __Spend an hour with [*A Gentle Introduction to Tidy Statistics In R*](https://posit.co/resources/videos/a-gentle-introduction-to-tidy-statistics-in-r/).__ If you are coming to R from a traditional point-and-click statistics package such as SPSS or SAS, RStudio's [Thomas Mock](https://twitter.com/thomas_mock) has created a free video webinar titled [A Gentle Introduction to Tidy Statistics In R](https://posit.co/resources/videos/a-gentle-introduction-to-tidy-statistics-in-r/). This one-hour introduction covers how to get started quickly with the basics of research statistics in R, providing an emphasis on reading data into R, exploratory data analysis with the tidyverse, statistical testing with ANOVAs, and finally producing a publication-ready plot in ggplot2. Plus, you'll find a host of other RStudio webinars and videos to explore via the topic menus on the left side of that page.

> - __Read [*R for Data Science*](https://r4ds.hadley.nz/).__ While videos are great for some, others of us learn best by curling up with a good book. If that describes you, pick up a copy of *R For Data Science* by @wickham2016r from your friendly local bookseller. *R For Data Science* is available in [paper](https://www.amazon.com/Data-Science-Transform-Visualize-Model/dp/1492097403/) and [electronic](https://www.amazon.com/R-Data-Science-Hadley-Wickham-ebook/dp/B0C7JKPC98) forms and has been translated into multiple languages including [Spanish](https://es.r4ds.hadley.nz/), so choose the version that's easiest for you. **_R For Data Science_ is also available for free as a online book at [https://r4ds.hadley.nz/](https://r4ds.hadley.nz/).** The second edition includes chapters on using Quarto for reproducible documents and communication. If you don't yet know enough about R to commit to *R for Data Science*, you may find Garrett Grolemund's [*Hands On Programming with R*](https://rstudio-education.github.io/hopr/) [-@grolemund2014hands] a quicker way to get started. It's also available in [paper](https://www.amazon.com/Hands-Programming-Write-Functions-Simulations/dp/1449359019), [electronic](https://www.amazon.com/Hands-Programming-Write-Functions-Simulations-ebook/dp/B00LPUIB8C), and [free online versions](https://rstudio-education.github.io/hopr/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- __Read [*R for Data Science*](https://r4ds.hadley.nz/).__ While videos are great for some, others of us learn best by curling up with a good book. If that describes you, pick up a copy of *R For Data Science* by @wickham2016r from your friendly local bookseller. *R For Data Science* is available in [paper](https://www.amazon.com/Data-Science-Transform-Visualize-Model/dp/1492097403/) and [electronic](https://www.amazon.com/R-Data-Science-Hadley-Wickham-ebook/dp/B0C7JKPC98) forms and has been translated into multiple languages, including [Spanish](https://es.r4ds.hadley.nz/), so choose the version that's easiest for you. **_R For Data Science_ is also available for free as an online book at [https://r4ds.hadley.nz/](https://r4ds.hadley.nz/).** The second edition includes chapters on using Quarto for reproducible documents and communication. If you don't yet know enough about R to commit to *R for Data Science*, you may find Garrett Grolemund's [*Hands On Programming with R*](https://rstudio-education.github.io/hopr/) [-@grolemund2014hands] a quicker way to get started. It's also available in [paper](https://www.amazon.com/Hands-Programming-Write-Functions-Simulations/dp/1449359019), [electronic](https://www.amazon.com/Hands-Programming-Write-Functions-Simulations-ebook/dp/B00LPUIB8C), and [free online versions](https://rstudio-education.github.io/hopr/).
```

> - __Start coding using [Posit Cloud Primers](https://posit.cloud/learn/primers).__ One of the most effective ways to get started learning R is to start using it. [Posit Cloud Primers](https://posit.cloud/learn/primers) offer a cloud-based learning environment that will teach you the basics of R all from the comfort of your browser. Posit Cloud doesn't require you to install any software on your computer, making it easy to dip your toe into data science with R with a minimum of fuss. And best of all, Posit Cloud accounts are free for personal use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- __Start coding using [Posit Cloud Primers](https://posit.cloud/learn/primers).__ One of the most effective ways to get started learning R is to start using it. [Posit Cloud Primers](https://posit.cloud/learn/primers) offer a cloud-based learning environment that will teach you the basics of R, all from the comfort of your browser. Posit Cloud doesn't require you to install any software on your computer, making it easy to dip your toe into data science with R with minimal fuss. And best of all, Posit Cloud accounts are free for personal use.
```

> - __Publish your work with Quarto.__ R is a terrific tool for telling stories with graphics and data, but sometimes you need words too. [Quarto](https://quarto.org/) is an open-source scientific and technical publishing system that weaves together narrative text and code to produce elegantly formatted reports, papers, books, slides, and more. Quarto works with Python, R, Julia, and Observable, making it the next generation of R Markdown with expanded capabilities. [Get started with Quarto](https://quarto.org/docs/get-started/) to learn the basics, or explore the [Quarto gallery](https://quarto.org/docs/gallery/) to see what's possible. _Already familiar with R Markdown? Most existing R Markdown documents work in Quarto without modification, and R Markdown continues to be actively supported._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- __Publish your work with Quarto.__ R is a terrific tool for telling stories with graphics and data, but sometimes you need words too. [Quarto](https://quarto.org/) is an open-source scientific and technical publishing system that weaves together narrative text and code to produce elegantly formatted reports, papers, books, slides, and more. Quarto works with Python, R, Julia, and Observable, making it the next-generation R Markdown with expanded capabilities. [Get started with Quarto](https://quarto.org/docs/get-started/) to learn the basics, or explore the [Quarto gallery](https://quarto.org/docs/gallery/) to see what's possible. _Already familiar with R Markdown? Most existing R Markdown documents work in Quarto without modification, and R Markdown remains actively supported._
```
